Feature/core 1677 didcomm webhooks (#1)
evannetwork/tnt-docs: didcomm/didcomm/webhooks.md

# Webhooks

### What is a Webhook?

> It's simply a configuration that will be called via HTTP request for different DIDComm message types. Each webhook can configure a regex to match a specific message type pattern. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A webhook simply is a configuration for different DIDComm message types that will be called via an ordinary HTTP request. Each webhook can configure a regex to match a specific message type pattern. 
```

### Configure the webhook

> At first you need to create the webhook configuration with the [settings service](../services-1/settings.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At first you need to create the webhook configuration using the [settings service](../services-1/settings.md).
```
